The description of some marketing terms:

A

A/B Testing: A/B Testing is a process of comparing two groups (test group and control group). Two groups usually means two versions of one market asset. The only difference between the two groups is that, the test group has the test treatment and the control group does not. Test treatment is the variation you want to test.

ANOVA:	Analysis of Variance. Analysis of Variance is a collection of statistical methods to detect whether there are significant differences between the means of two or more categorical groups (two treatments).

B

Binary model: It is one of the most used models in applied economics, in which dependent variable Y is a binary choice: either 0 or 1. The basic idea of the binary outcome model is to identify what determines outcome when there are two outcome options.

C

Clustering: The task of dividing the population or data points into a number of groups such that data points in the same groups are more similar to other data points in the same group than those in other groups

Conjoint Analysis: The optimal market research approach for measuring the value that consumers place on features of a product or service

Control Treatment: A special type of treatment which is the benchmark to which the effectiveness of the remaining treatments are compared.

Customer Satisfaction: It is a measure of how products and services supplied by a company meet or surpass customer expectation

D

Dependent variable: The dependent variable is what is being studied and measured in the experiment.

E

Elbow Criterion:	A plot of stress versus dimensionality should be examined

Experimental Error: The variation in the responses among experimental units, which are under the same treatment and are observed under the same experimental conditions.

Experimental Unit: Physical entity to which the treatment is randomly assigned or the subject that is randomly selected from one of the treatment populations.

F

Factorial Design: Few or all combinations of factor levels used to build product profiles

Factorial Treatment Design: the treatment design of experiments that involves several factors and the treatments formed by combining levels of the factors.

Factors:	Controlled variables selected by researchers for comparison, which form the comparison groups defined by hypothesis. 

Fractional Factorial Experiment: Experiments in which only a fraction of the possible treatments are actually used in the experiment because the number of factors is too large.

I

Independent variable: The independent variable is the variable whose change isn’t affected by any other variable in the experiment.

L

Levels: values assigned to each factor

Logistic function: The logit function is simply the logarithm of the odds

Logit model: Logit model is a binary model which is used in marketing, and it uses a logistic function to model a binary dependent variable

M

Marketing Asset: Marketing Asset is what you want to research such as a title, a layout design, a phrase, a webpage, a feature, etc.

Measurement Unit: Distinct from the experimental unit, the measurement unit is the physical entity on which a measurement is taken.

Measurement: assigning numbers or other symbols to characteristics of objects according to certain pre-specified rules

Measurements / Observations: Response variables that are recorded but not controlled by the scientist.

Multi-Dimensional Scaling: It is a means of visualizing the level of similarity of individual cases of a dataset

O

Odds: The odds is the ratio of the probability that an event happens to the probability that it does not happen

One-Way ANOVA: One-Way ANOVA compares variance of group means considering only ONE independent variable.

One-Way Classification: Experiments only involving single factor hence the treatments and levels of the factor would be the same

Paried-Sample t-test: Paried-Sample t-test is used when Samples are dependent, that is, either one sample has been tested twice or two samples are paired. The difference between all pairs should be calculated.

P

Part-worth: the extent to which each factor contributes to the whole utility of the product

Replication: Once the treatment is assigned to an experimental unit, a single replication of the treatment has occurred.

S

Scaling: the process of assigning numbers to various degrees of opinion, attitude, or other such concepts

Spatial Maps: Perceived relationships among brands or other stimuli are represented as geometric relationships among points in a multidimensional space

SSE: Sum of Squares for Error (SSE) which measures the variability that is not explained by the differences between the treatment means

SST: Between-Treatment Sum of Squares (SST) which measures the variability due to differences between the treatment means.

Student's t-test: A collection of statistical hypothesis test in which the test statistic follows a Student's t-distribution under the null hypothesis.

T

Treatments: Conditions constructed from the factors.

TSS: Total Sum of Squares.

Two-Way ANOVA: In Two-Way ANOVA, groups are split on two independent variables. It is to study whether there is an interaction between the two independent variables on the response variable.

V

Variable: A variable is something you’re trying to measure. It can be practically anything, such as objects, amounts of time, feelings, events, or ideas. If you’re studying how people feel about different television shows, the variables in that experiment are television shows and feelings

W

Welch's t-test: Welch's t-test is used when 1) sample sizes of the two groups are either equal or unequa and 2) the two populations have normal distribution with unequal variance.
